* sof-boot-once.sh
<br> This script writes to rc.local, which is loaded and read after reboot.
<br> After rc.local command is run, the command will be removed.
<br> example: sof-boot-once.sh reboot
<br> Effect: when system boots up it will auto reboot again

* sof-combinatoric.py
<br> Used to compute permutations or combinations of the various pipelines
     avilable during tests if multiple are needed at once.

* sof-disk-usage.sh
<br> Used to ensure we have enough disk space to collect logs and avoid system
     problems.

* sof-dump-status.py
<br> Dump the sound card status

* sof-get-default-tplg.sh
<br> Load the tplg file name from system log which is recorded from system bootup

* sof-get-kernel-line.sh
<br> Print all kernel versions and their line numbers from /var/log/kern.log,
     with the most recent <first/last>

* sof-kernel-dump.sh
<br> Catch all kernel information after system boot up from /var/log/kern.log file

* sof-kernel-log-check.sh
<br> Check dmesg for errors and ensure that any found are real errors

* sof-process-kill.sh
<br> Kills aplay or arecord processes

* sof-process-state.sh
<br> Shows the current state of a given process

* eBPF (directory)
<br> Enhanced Berkeley Packet Filter (eBPF) scripts for kernel tracing

Topologies
----------

Topologies provide important information for testing.

* sof-tplgreader.py
<br> Front-end for the (old) tplgtool.py parsing library. Prints a list of PCMs found in a
     topology file. Provides advanced PCM filtering useful for testing.  Warning: the tool
     confuses pipelines and PCMs and wrongly calls PCMs "pipelines" everywhere; but it
     really is about PCMs. Unlike other scripts, prints duplex PCMs on two separate lines:
     playback and capture.

* tplgtool2.py
<br> New, higher-level, "construct"-based, topology parsing library. Can also be invoked
     standalone to prints a list of PCMs and generates a graph with more information than
     the graph generated by the old tplgtoo.py.  As of May 2024, the topology graph
     displayed in SOF test results has been generated by this.

* tplgtool.py
<br> Old toplogy parsing library. Still used by sof-tplgreader.py but new features
     will go to tplgtool2.py. When all functions are migrated to tplgtool2.py it will be
     deprecated. Can also be invoked standalone to print a list of PCMs and to generate a
     graph (with less information than tplgtool2.py).

* common.py
<br> PCM formatting routines to bridge the gap from Python to shell scripts.

* tplgfw-sanity-check.py
<br> Matches UUID in topology and FW, then finds out whether all module in topoloy
     can be supported by this FW. Depends on tplgtool2.py for parsing. Implements a
     basic firmware file parser itself.

